# Multi-protocol-honeypot-py: A Python FTP, SSH & Telnet Honeypot
#### Description: 
##### 1. Introduction
Multi-protocol-honeypot-py is, as the name suggests, a small Python system designed to attract malicious activity in the hopes that they will connect to a honeypot, rather tha a real Enterprise system, so that you can take action and mitigate real damage before it even happens. Of course, this is just a basic honeypot, but the "designed to attract malicious activiy" part has still been added. This honeypot opens FTP, SSH, and Telnet ports on any local network / the internet, sending fake and rotating connection and login banners to emulate a real FTP, SSH, and Telnet server. The main goal of this project was for me to understand network interfaces, different network protcols, concurrency better, as well to learn more about Cloud Detection Engineering. The project also does SIEM-like logging via /logs/honeypot_logs.json, although I haven't tested/integrated it into a real SIEM yet. 

##### 2. Features

I tried to add as many features as reasonably possible within the `logging`, `sockets`, `threading` landscape. First of all, the most important, I added a way to listen and connect, and safely disconnect from any IP address that wants to connect to the computer running the script via port 21, 22, 23, also 8021, 8022, 8023 (If you're running some sort of VPS / firewall that cannot support low ports. Then I send fake text, especially for the Telnet to make it look like a real Telnet loging prompt; not just to convince another Grabber / Scanner, but also probably someone useing PuTTY to make it look believable enough. Then I started adding the "rotating banner" feature. Every time an attacker connects, it gets assigned a pseudo-random (IP as seed) "banner" to send, since mostly the program will not interface with real humans but rather Scanners / Grabbers which actually read the information banner first before sending any data. The consequence of making the banner's seed the attacker's IP, is that the same IP will get the same banner, which makes it more believable. I also added a basic "threat scoring" system, just a few `if` statements, but enough to get the concept across of a basic threat evaluation system, because it is better for humans to see at a glance what is happening with their security posture, rather than to dig though thousands of logs everyday. 
